Bug 1950543: document non-HA behaviors (#2522)
openshift/machine-config-operator: docs/MachineConfiguration.md

This allows to enable/disable [FIPS mode](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/security_guide/chap-federal_standards_and_regulations). If any of the configuration has FIPS enabled, it'll be set.  A similar restriction applies to this as for `KernelArguments` above.

> Enabling FIPS mode is a Day 1 operation. This setting is not toggleable.

Reviewer: This 
```suggestion
Enabling FIPS mode is a Day 1 operation, set at install time.  You cannot enable FIPS via a MachineConfig as a Day2 operation.
```
